Her number's been deactivated.
It's not in service.
Time to go to her place.
The board meeting's in 10 minutes.
The board meeting can't wait.
You didn't even move down.
Yep.
Everything's gone.
Like, she was never even on.
Listen.
I don't care what you have to do.
Find her.
She was pregnant.
Oh, my dear.
My dear.
Oh, I missed you too.
Three years.
Oh, because of that silly boy at the banquet.
That doesn't matter right now.
You're finally home.
I was wrong.
Is my baby okay?
Honestly, if you lost a baby, it wouldn't be the worst thing.
Give you a break from that idiot.
Daniel, stop your nonsense.
This child is part of the Garcia family.
Don't worry, sweetheart.
The baby is fine.
But you need to rest for the next two months.
Your body's not in a good condition right now.
Your birthday is two months away.
And I've asked Daniel to plan a party.
You've been out of the spotlight way too long.
It's time to show off my brilliant daughter.
Let me be a proud pom-pom-pom.
I love you, Dad.
Oh, do you remember Henry?
You two used to play together all the time when you were kids.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I just heard he's single and ready to mingle.
Maybe you should catch up.
Seriously?
Do I look like I'm in the mood to date right now?
Who said anything about dating?
Just a chair.
Mr. Evans, there's a shareholder meeting.
A 10 meeting with that Middle Eastern oil tycoon at 11,
and an online conference at the International Business Division
from two to six, then at eight.
Then at two, there's, um, uh, sorry.
Let me just look at my notes.
You're fired because my last executive assistant never had to
check her notes, so please take your ass out of my office
and leave now.
Oh, you're here.
Did you find her?
I checked the one who looked like her in Shanghai.
What was that?
We're gonna search him for two months.
All over the world.
Send people to 40 different countries,
but we're worth half a million, and nothing.
What are you trying to say?
Maybe...
Maybe it's time to stop.
Okay, let me tell you something.
I'm going to find this girl, whether it takes two years
or $20 million.
Now, if you are not up for the job,
you can go out of my office down the hall to HR
and I can find somebody else that can take care of the job.
No, no, no, no.
I'm staying.
Mrs. Garcia, you've invited you to a birthday party.
Use the invitation.
Get a gift and go yourself.
Understood.
How long is it?
Henry, what are you doing here?
I just came to check up on you.
Wanna see how you were doing?
Well, you've seen me.
Come on, don't be so distant.
Yo, I need a favor.
My dad wants me to date the Garcia daughter.
Not my problem.
Oh, come on, man.
Listen, I know you're looking for somebody.
You help me out, and I'll get my media people on it for you.
Okay, what are you looking for?
Great. Got your attention.
So, this Garcia girl's birthday is in two days.
I'm supposed to meet up with her before the party,
and all I need you to do is show up for five minutes
and pretend to be my boyfriend.
Let me think about it.
No.
Come on, or just say that I stole your girl,
and I'm a jerk or whatever, dude. Just come on.
Help her, brother.
Oh.
Well, if you're so against it, why even go?
My dad wants to get into the AI field.
She's an expert.
Plus, our family's kind of going way back together
so it's a perfect match.
But, dude, you do not understand how terrifying this girl is.
I mean, she's like Frankenstein from the movies.
You know, messy hair, thick glasses, spewing random math phrases.
Wait, the transfer vehicle of things into the Earth's orbit is escaping.
Escaping gravitational quality Earth and getting going into this transfer orbit.
Are you with me?
I couldn't understand a word that she was saying, dude.
Mary, her? No, thank you.
Okay, so if a nerdy girl can fill that empty head of yours,
fine. I will go to the party.
Let's go.
The gosh, her daughter's never been seen in public.
I wonder what she looks like.
I bet she's hungry.
Why also the Garcia store a big event if not to announce that she's single?
It doesn't matter.
Marrying into the gosh, her family.
I'd do it even though she looks like Castimoto.
See, that's what my dad thinks.
I want you in the Garcia family, it doesn't matter.
Whoops.
What, I'm telling you, bro?
It does.
I need a drink.
Bring me to her.
Party's about to start.
Where are you going?
We found her.
Great, I just lost my leverage.
Hurry back.
What's that?
Honey?
No, it's me.
I'm Riny.
Mine.
He's not Chris's billionaire friend.
How does he know Hermione?
I knew it.
She used Chris to climb the social ladder.
Got into the world of eligible bachelors.
Shameless gold digger.
Garcia?
Yeah.
You and Hermione Garcia.
Wow.
Why don't you wish me a happy birthday?
Of course.
I finally found you.
Who is this?
Oh, that's really rich of you.
You think I should let him know your preference is?
Chris, you might have grabbed me for a minute.
I told you to sabotage my date.
Not steal her.
Steal her.
Hmm, that's funny.
No, Chris.
This is off.
Just stop.
She's me now.
She's my date.
I can just say to you anymore, buddy.
Move.
Hermione, you couldn't possibly have gone an invitation to an event of this caliber.
I suggest you leave before security finds you.
Yeah, you're right.
I don't have an invitation.
But I am still here for the party.
This is an exclusive party for the Garcia family heiress.
I suggest you leave before you embarrass yourself.
Interesting.
I thought she was a big deal, but she's just a secretary.
Really?
I mean, look at her neck like those are Marie and Lynette Saffires.
And she's wearing 110 carat diamond bracelet.
And she's one of Billions, little Billions on her.
Let's just get a sugar daddy.
Wow.
You know what?
You.
You have a real talent.
Just a couple sentences for you.
And suddenly, I am the gold-digging whore in the room.
I can't even imagine what I'd be branded as if you keep talking.
Look, even if you are the real tea, not really matters.
You have no power, no connections.
I can bring you down as easy as stepping on a bug.
Is it?
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for coming out to help celebrate my daughter's birthday.
Tonight, I am proud to introduce my daughter to all of you.
Then share with Mrs. Goshos here.
For the very first time.
Why is he looking at me like that?
Wait.
Is Paul Garcia my mom's ex?
My little princess.
Please.
Come on up.
Jesus, you're almost just a secretary.
How can you be the Goshor Eris?
No sugar daddy would give out Billions like that.
Only a father would.
Lucy almost killed us.
We almost insulted the Goshor family, man.
It's best we steer clear from you from now.
Mr. Garcia, your gift for the lady of the hour.
Thank you, Rupert.
Daddy, you didn't have to.
Of course I have to.
How could this be?
I thought this whole time that I didn't know who she was, but she was just lying to me about her identity.
Thank you.
Bruh, smart fiance.
Happy birthday, darling.
No.
It is not your fancy that is your blind date that you fucked up with.
What are you talking about?
She called me darling.
She obviously likes me.
Shouldn't you be taking care of your pregnant fiance?
What are you doing here?
My pregnant fiance is standing right in front of me.
That's why I came.
There was a baby here once.
Your fiance fired?
But why would you care?
You have another one.
My baby never meant anything to you.
I'm sorry.
But I never knew anything.
Oh, you didn't know?
I didn't know that I was the Garcia family Eris.
So you chose the more valuable one, Dr. T.
Or you didn't know that I was also pregnant, like your fiance.
Let me guess.
You're going to say that she didn't get pregnant right after you got engaged?
No.
I'm so thankful that I never told you about who I am.
Otherwise, I never would have found out just how little you deserve my love.
Wait, let me just talk to you for one second.
She was never.
Of course.
What are you doing?
Lucy faded and she sounded stomach pains.
Oh, that hurt.
And when was another child?
Well, it was so special about a trust fund, baby.
Just another pretty face with no brains.
Lucy, on the other hand, is Dr. T.
A miserable price for what happened to my baby.
Babies?
What baby?
There once was a grandson of yours.
And about two months ago, he was gone.
Good.
If there was a child, it would have been a bastard.
Bad for the family name, anyway.
You don't care at all that it was my son?
What is so great about her morning?
She flirts with every man who gives her a shred of attention.
Unlike Lucy, who's completely devoted to you.
She even...
Okay, stop.
You know, sometimes I can't even tell.
If I'm really your son.
For now on, I want my schedule linked up with Hermione's schedule.
Make that happen.
You got a bus?
Hermione, why are you still alive?
How did you become this wealthy heiress?
I have no choice now.
You have to die before everyone learns your Dr. T.
Hey, I need a favor.
Talk to you for a sec.
I'm actually on my way to go to BK to discuss an acquisition right now, so...
Can we talk later?
Uh-uh.
One BK.
BK is the largest AI company in the southeast,
and as the Garcia family's wanting to move into that territory,
it would make great headway for us to acquire them.
Okay.
I'll come with you.
Do you even know how to negotiate an imminent deal?
No.
Exactly.
Bus, the data security on her mind?
It's today.
Our team can't get in.
Why not?
She might find out.
And, well, she won't be too happy.
Henry!
What's going on?
Well, BK is a mess, and their books are practically held up by nothing.
So, why would your father want to acquire it?
The Garcia's are acquiring BK?
John?
I want you to find me Bob Wheat, president of BK right now.
Copy that?
Bus, don't stress too much.
Bob, we may be a creep, but...
Hermione's still the Garcia's. He wouldn't dare cross it.
Shut up.
Drive the car.
Yeah.
Mr. Wheat.
You like these prices?
I can go ahead and finalize the deal.
But first, let's, uh, let's have a drink to celebrate.
This isn't remotely enough.
We need drinks worthy of the size of this deal.
Vodka is strong, Laker.
Take it easy, Hermione.
Don't spoil your stomach.
Don't you know that?
Oh, I know.
But I always prefer it.
When there's enough of it to spill.
You think you can drug me?
Then what?
If you're going to marry me into my family fortune, take a look at yourself in the mirror.
First.
You bitch.
Doesn't matter how I look.
I'm gonna be my doll. I'll make sure of it.
How are you gonna do that?
Well, you're already guessed it.
I'm gonna sleep with you.
And then I'll take photos.
And I'll blackmail your father into marrying us.
And if he doesn't, I'll leave the photos.
So, whether you drink the Laker or not, you're not leaving.
Are you okay?
What a surprise.
Well, I figured, you didn't want her anymore.
You know, being engaged and everything.
But you know what?
If you're still interested, I'll back off.
Did he hurt you?
And be care partners.
You sure you want to hit me over it?
Used women?
Used women.
You know, some people are way out of your league.
And every time that you touch them,
there's always going to be consequences for your actions.
You're hurting you?
Yes.
And you knew exactly who Bob was
and what state his company was in.
And you still managed to walk into that meeting now.
If I didn't show up today, do you know what could have happened to you?
I want to do business with Bob.
Of course I have ways of handling him.
What's weird is how you knew where I was.
Are you following me?
No.
I'm not your assistant.
I was not.
My business is none of your concern.
And if you keep following me, that's harassment and I'm going to sue.
Okay.
Henry, where's the one that told me?
Where are you going?
You know I'm going to acquire BK.
So my fiance has a big mouth.
That's on him.
But if you keep using him to spy on me,
I'm not going to forgive you.
fiance?
Mm-hmm.
Because the last time I checked,
he was just a neighbor that you had a failed blindie with.
Are we interested in my life?
Mm-hmm.
Aren't you worried your fiance may get jealous?
Now do you really want to talk about that right now?
I am.
Should I just pretend she doesn't exist and be so thankful you still want me to be your mistress?
Shut up.
Or I will kiss you right now.
Let her go.
What do you think you're doing?
It's him.
No, you told me that Henry was your fiance.
So who the fuck is this guy?
Who, him?
This is the man I actually love.
Hermione has learned a lot in three years at LM.
But that's over.
You missed my birthday.
How are you going to make it up to me?
Mm-hmm.
A machine you'll love custom made based on your size.
No.
He even knows their sizes?
Boston.
Well, Mr. Evans is busy.
Let's not disturb him.
Why should I leave with him?
Did you save her on time?
Shut the fuck up.
Why are you here?
What do you need?
The BK case is finalist.
Bob's in jail for tax evasion and the BK's style I construct.
I'd say now it's time to buy the dip.
Fix BK's issues and then give it to her.
So?
Oh, her mind.
While you're at it, find out every piece of information you can
on that fool.
What the fool?
You took a big risk today.
I don't like Chris, but had he not been there,
could have gone ugly.
At least I could have handled Bob.
Chris provided IRS information on Bob.
But he got away from the cops.
He now can acquire BK with pennies on the dollar.
He's helping you.
He just cannot help himself.
I don't need his help.
True.
But it's done.
Why not try it out?
Here.
I guess I'm going to show you.
This is scared.
Yeah.
She's trying to convince everybody that she's tea before I expose her.
How long is she going to keep lying for?
I mean, if she's not tea, Chris wouldn't look twice at her,
let alone marry her.
She probably thinks she's going to get away with it.
Hey, don't take us home.
Let's go crash the press conference.
Crash the press conference.
Oh, yeah.
A good battle needs good armor.
And I want my sister going in there looking like a queen.
Daddy boy!
You're the best.
Video conference.
Must it be right now?
Go ahead, take it.
All righties.
I can handle this.
You still look as best as ever.
Show us your best.
My daughter-in-law has a press conference.
And I want her to look like a queen.
Of course, Mrs. Evans.
We just got in a new dress straight off the runway.
It's practically made for your beautiful daughter-in-law.
Right this way.
This dress is not for you.
Sorry.
What is that supposed to mean?
What she means is, you don't deserve it.
I don't deserve it.
And what?
You do?
This section of the store is reserved for our diamond rank customers only.
Without a VIP membership, we can't sell it to you.
Is that so?
Are you crazy?
Can I buy it now?
Find the owner.
Buy the store.
Do you mean the dress?
That dress is worth $40,000.
I think you might smoke us.
No.
Buy the store.
Over one torn dress.
You have to cherish what's yours.
Lucy, forget this clown.
How about this one?
Mrs. Evans, you have a good eye.
This is our signature.
You won't find one anywhere else like it.
And the price reflects that.
It's 100 grand.
That's too much.
Lucy, it's just what you need.
You're revealing yourself as Dr. T.
You must stand out.
So certain people can't go around and pretend to be Dr. T anymore.
Yeah, no, I agree with Mrs. Evans.
Lucy, you should buy the dress.
Because soon, all you'll be able to wear are jumpsuits in prison.
How dare you stop?
Stop!
Are you okay?
She just cursed your fiancee.
You do something.
fiancee.
Mother, do you really want to have this conversation right now?
Mrs. Evans, it's okay.
Her minding was just joking.
Oh, I was so not joking.
You.
So, how about the dress?
We're taking it.
We'll wait just a moment.
Mrs. Evans, I am very sorry.
That dress was actually purchased half a minute ago.
We saw it first.
We're a diamond VIPs, you know?
And I am really very sorry.
The buyer was our new owner himself.
He did say that if Miss Brown really wants it, she can pay ten times the price.
Ten times?
That's a million dollars.
Amazingly a million dollars.
Quiet.
How about we make a deal?
I will buy the dress right here and right now for one million dollars.
And you, Mother, cannot tell me what to do any longer.
Final pay for it.
Thank you, Mrs. Evans.
Your happiness is all that matters.
Look forward to your next visit.
Mrs. Garcia, as the new owner, would you like to see some of the new styles we have coming our way?
What?
She's the new owner.
Sorry, I'm the new owner.
Happy birthday, Assistant.
Hmm.
You really think I need another clothing store?
Well, as the Garcia-Arris know.
Right.
But as a small kind gesture from me, yes.
Are you mad?
You gave her the store and made me pay a million dollars.
Mrs. Evans, it's okay.
We're running late for the press conference.
We'll talk about this after.
Chris, you will regret this.
Hermione's just another pretty face.
The Evans family needs a genius, like Lucy.
One?
I'm not your assistant anymore.
Mrs. Garcia, to you.
Second, my birthday was yesterday.
A late birthday present and birthday wish were not needed.
You know, I used to wish to spend this birthday alone with you.
Not anymore.
I don't need you.
Sir.
Please disregard everything that she just said.
She is still the owner.
Yes, sir.
And her?
You're fired.